hey there guys echo master here and I'm
doing a video for the male pan darn
jokes and flirts as well as the female
pan darn to kind of go along with beside
it so here is kiss raka and kiss rock I
can talk now - hello friend yes hello
now he also tells jokes and flirts as
well so we're gonna but I'm gonna let
him take over from here cuz obviously I
don't know what I'm saying
how much deeper would the ocean be
without sponges meditate on this goddess
or up some fat for the winter I don't
hibernate or nothing I just like having
it around it is said elephants tusks
will not grow from a dog's mouth but you
can get him in there you don't blow glue
some tape it's fine maybe a rubber band
teach a man to fish and he is fed for a
day he's fed I messed it up but we
believe me just make this stuff up
anyways my tea is the wind but you can
still break it meditate on this it is
said everywhere is in walking distance
if you have the time hey you look like
you've lost some weight that's terrible
have a dumpling yeah we're gonna need a
bigger turtle it is said if you cannot
beat them join them I say if you cannot
beat them beat them because they will be
expecting you to join them so you will
have the element of surprise
it is said to err is human hey you look
like you've lost some weight that's
terrible
have a dumpling sweet thing I'm a
romance all ye of your kingdoms meditate
on that hey hot stuff
wanna try breeding in captivity hey
gorgeous
wanna try crane position oh no for you
monkey style
do you know Kong fool
cuz your body is kicking who's your bear
that's right
I am your bear yeah I would tap that
cake I will sing for you the love song
of my people nice pants
what's the drop rate who's your bear
that's right
I am your bear alright guys so there you
go there are some jokes and flips from
the male Pandoran and I shall see you
guys the next time